# Problem 5

If question number 2 is implemented where immediately after completing a task, the robot is reassigned to a new task a few problems might occur. First, unless the use of the tools is properly distributed some robots may keep using the tools for their new task, rather than returning them to their original location. This potential issue also leads to potential inefficiencies in the program where some of the robots remain idle and do not contribute to the exercise/tasks. This potential issue is a deadlock problem, where robots who initially grab the tools do not relinquish them to allow the waiting robots to work on their tasks. 

Some potential solution to this problem are the is Dijkstra's solution. In this solution to the "Dining Philosophers Problem" one mutex is used, along with one state/conditional variable and one semaphore per philosopher. In our version of this problem the philosophers are robots, the tools represent the forks, eating represents robots completing tasks, and thinking is depicted by the robots idling or waiting in the queue to use the tools. Another potential solution to this coding problem is the resource hierarchy solution. In this version, a partial order is applied to the forks/tools which applies a sort of the logic to the behavior of the robots reaching for and picking up the tools. Despite working in many circumstances, this solution is impractical for large data sets and does not usually result in fair contributions from each robot or unfair amount of time eating between philosophers. 
