# Problem 6

The first issue that might arise as a result of this problem is that all of the ATc actions, approving landing clearance, permitting aircraft to enter the traffic pattern, and checking if there are aircraft waiting to enter the pattern all take a certain amount of time. As a result of this process, it is possible that an aircraft may request to enter the traffic pattern, is given permission by ATC, but then ATC checks the pattern for waiting aircraft while that previous aicraft is actually commuting to the traffic pattern. If this occurs then the ATC might 'sleep' eventhough an aircraft is waiting in the traffic pattern for landing clearance. This issue in the real world could result in disastrous consequences like an aicraft running out of fuel while waiting for landing clearance. Believe it or not this issue has actually occurred in the real world, Avianca flight 052, although this specific incident was the result of a culmination of issues involving communication of situational conditions between the pilots and ATC. Another issue might arise if more aicraft enter the traffic pattern than there are spots available. In this case only the aircraft that enter the pattern first will be able to communicate with ATC and acquire landing clearance, potentially leaving the last aicraft out of the pattern and either having to divert or risk crashing. Two possible solutions to this coding problem are using a mutex to ensure that only one aicraft is changing state at a time, or using multiple semaphores to indicate the state of the system throughout the exercise.
